intro

	problem
		need to visualize a script
		do it simply and as quickly as i can think
		make all the shots
		see your movie and produce a full movie before expensive production
		test story ideas on people

	solution: what is is
		an app 

	loads in a fountain script

	splits it up into showable components you can board

	click an area of the script and press n for new board

	then you can sketch a board out
		using pencil
		marker
		and pen

		Im using a cintique 13. as you can see, the pen pressure title and rotation all work perfectly fine. I wrote the drawing code to replicate how I work when drawing in photoshop. I also designed it to heavily rely on simple keyboard actions to swtich brushes and colors

		you can also use a wacom or a mouse

	rough it out, add more boards get the idea down. use the arrow keys to quickly navigate around. you can also copy and paste boards.

	use guides

	go back in and fill in details or make it look prettier

	this saves automatically, either to your local hard drive, or right up to the cloud. it saves the image layers, and the fountain script itself.

	Storyboard saves the references to the boards right into the fountain file. So you can feel free to edit your script in the text editor of your choice, and move things around however you'd like.

	record a scene audio + and tap in your pitch. the shot length is recorded so you can play it back.

	export final cut xml so you can import your animatic

	THE PROCESS

		after script draft start drawing
		be rough, just get framing, even if its just stick figures
		tap through and pace it out. does it feel good?
		go back in and fill in some details


	THE FUTURE

		release this app + open source
			downloadable app
			service
		collaborative features, allowing mutliple artists to work on boards
			multiple writers
			multiple artists
				people to go back in and flush boards out
		way to send boards easily to other people with unique watermarks
		way to collect test data


need a script with 5 scenes
	2 scenes drawn
	1 scene to be drawn on camera




